hey guys and welcome back to myself in
the VFL this is week three or the second
weekend and excluding the cup episode
that i uploaded throughout the last week
but today this is the saturday game we
won the friday game by default I wasn't
been actually playing that fusion HD is
actually my cover for friday's if you
guys didn't know he hasn't she said to
anything about that I don't know why but
he is my cover friday matches or
whenever I can't make it which is really
awesome and be like they got a default
win which is pretty good as a good way
to start the weekend we needed that
especially after the first weekend we
were really quite poor and I think I
think it went pretty well but in the
week I had a cup match and we won that
in golden goal that was a really good
fun and we go other Cup match on
wednesday and that will be uploaded some
other time throughout the week maybe the
friday i haven't really decided too much
in the moment but this is the first
match this is against at nat cabretta i
think that's how you say i'm not too
sure never can pronounce names but this
is a pretty good game to start off this
saturday and we really needed to get a
win here and like you can see we're
tuning up at the moment in the 12th
minute it's looking pretty good for us
and the tip the team did look pretty
good to start but then obviously we just
outplayed them to get our two goals and
they're gonna have a chance right here
they can be pushing through on a car to
challenge him and i'm just going to push
it away easy save directly at me nothing
too special bit of a bad strike but that
doesn't really matter anyway because we
don't want to have a good shroyer on to
score in and i want to make sure that I
keep my clean sheet in this match I
think I've only played about five or six
of the matches and I think I've got a
fifty to sixty percent clean sheet ratio
or something I want to sure with like 27
saves which isn't bad for vfl i think
i'm sure i'm thinking being a bit harder
myself when i'm criticizing the way that
i play i don't know i might not be i
might be I don't know I just I feel like
I'm not playing to my best potential at
the moment I think that's mainly for the
reason being that throughout this
throughout this uh this season or this
half the season we've had a defense
which is in English they don't really
speak so communication is pretty
pretty bad i mean benattia he's a good
he's good defender but as per equator
and they're the main two people they
listen they talked as but acquitted
isn't actually foreign-eeze from things
from the UK i'm able to top my head but
yeah we had we had burton he was the
left center back he didn't really talk
it even listen he played quite play
quite reckless so i'm not too sure
what's going on with him at the moment
I've been looking for a right back or a
left back depending how we're gonna line
up our squad Betty way we're gonna go
ahead and jump in it to the sunday first
match against psv when I quickly
mentioned that we did win against
peckers wooly I think that's I don't
know how the hell you say that name but
we did beat them one knew what I liked
out the game that's why there's no
footage but we going to the sunday game
against psv we know there's going to be
a really tough game I don't know if we
were really prepared for this the I
opposite i guess i just got in from work
get slitting my first game on but look
at this here he gets right through
defenders I can't get down to my left
side and they do get their first go I'm
not too sure he should have been allowed
that much spacing see from the replay
here but unlucky with the people missing
the tackle I wasn't really expecting him
to get through we did beat me on my
lower left side which is a good shot I
should have probably had it another
chance here easily collected by me
nothing really to trilogy at this point
except for the one go that they had they
didn't think they outplayed us at all
really and I think we all we play to a
similar level in this match it is either
going to go one way on FIFA and that's
how it is on fifa fifa is never that
great it is like that sometimes and a
sorry for the little editing mistake
there you can see it showed the throwing
twice I'm second go short here grace a
bore their goalie and we did need to
beat these guys and we all knew that and
I think we're concentrating on one of
the defenders is playing really really
really stupid and we and we knew he was
maybe in the left in the back area I
believe multi short of my head and he
should have had he should have been in
position and I think people were I think
people are watching him quite a lot I'm
not too sure I think I think we just
generally didn't perform to the best of
our ability I came out there to punch it
I needed a punchy at that point and I
don't know I think we really need to
make the most of the transfer window
that's coming up very soon and the
transfer window is actually open at the
moment on the
monday which is videos gonna be uploaded
on the monday i am recording this about
what three o'clock this video about 5
i'll come out for one we won their
collected quite easily and i really need
to we need to find a way to try and get
this series better because obviously if
i keep lagging out of games as well it's
going to be really like a footage and
i'm not too sure i need to try and work
on it quite well i need to have a think
and I think this week I'm gonna have a
good to think about this series that I
do on my channel I will try and change
them up a tiny bit more I think we're 72
the moment in the league as well it's
not what we want but there's only
there's only really close gap the games
that we have lost have been for a really
close annoyingly close sort of school
but peacefully do have a penalty in the
90th minute it was a bit of a pointless
tackle but obviously then they're going
to go ahead and put it away straight
down the middle I get we get beaten to
nil that's the final score to be honest
we didn't really play to our best of my
ability I wish we did bit of been lucky
really i'm not gonna blame anyone the
team you we all should perform better
that's been watch this weeks episode
guys thank you for watching i will be
improving soon and seeing the time